[FISH-1034] - Payara 5.2021.1 Release Notes (#131)
payara/Payara-Community-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/release-notes/release-notes-2021-1.adoc

= Payara Community 5.2021.1 Release Notes

== Supported APIs and Applications

* Jakarta EE 8

> * Java EE 8 Applications

Reviewer: Add P 4.0 also here as supported API.

* [https://github.com/payara/Payara/pull/5098[FISH-990]] - OpenTracing Active Span is NULL when retrieved in EJB tracer on remote execution 
* [https://github.com/payara/Payara/pull/5020[FISH-994]] - [Community - https://github.com/sgflt[sgflt]] Package jaxws opentracing to embedded Payara  
* [https://github.com/payara/Payara/pull/5082[FISH-1007]] - [Community - https://github.com/sgflt[sgflt]] Payara logback libs produce NPE 
* [https://github.com/payara/Payara/pull/5071[FISH-1015]] - [Community - https://github.com/avpinchuk[avpinchuk]] Add appropriate application name to GAV deployments 
* [https://github.com/payara/Payara/pull/4441[FISH-1017]] - [Community - https://github.com/bjetal[bjetal]] Payara can close JarFile instances used by current URLClassLoaders 
* [https://github.com/payara/Payara/pull/5102[FISH-1018]] - Class Loader leaks on redeploy 
* [https://github.com/payara/Payara/pull/5101[FISH-1019]] - [Community - https://github.com/bhanuurivalled[bhanuunrivalled]] GlassFishProperties NPE when initialised with null properties

== Component Upgrades

> * [https://github.com/payara/Payara/pull/5014[FISH-791]] - Upgrade to Hazelcast 4

Reviewer: We should add a paragraph at the top that due to this upgrade of Hazelcast, rolling updates are not supported.

= Payara Community 5.2021.1 Release Notes

== Supported APIs and Applications

* Jakarta EE 8
* Java EE 8 Applications
* MicroProfile 4.0

== Notes

=== MicroProfile 4.0

> Following the 5.2020.7 release, we’ve upgraded our MicroProfile implementations to be compatible with the specifications present in version 4.0 of MicroProfile. You should be able to test your MicroProfile 4.0 compatible applications using this Community release. If you discover any issues, or have any related questions, please raise them on our GitHub repository. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Following the 5.2020.7 release, we’ve upgraded Payara Platform to be compatible with the specifications present in version 4.0 of MicroProfile. You should be able to test your MicroProfile 4.0 compatible applications using this Community release. If you discover any issues, or have any related questions, please raise them on our GitHub repository. 
```
